[10387] Update Performance Throughput Testing to support: data sharing, loans and zero copy (#1759)
eProsima/Fast-DDS: test/performance/throughput/CMakeLists.txt

                ${interproces_flag}
            )

            # Hint certificates location 
            set_property(
                TEST performance.throughput.${throughput_test_name}.security
                APPEND PROPERTY ENVIRONMENT "CERTS_PATH=${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/test/certs"
            )

        endif()

>         # Check if a data sharing test is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Check if a loans test is required
```

                ${interproces_flag}
            )

            if(ADD_THROUGHPUT_SECURITY)

                # Add the secure version
                list(APPEND test_cases_setup performance.throughput.${throughput_test_name}.data_loans.security)

                add_test(
                    NAME performance.throughput.${throughput_test_name}.data_loans.security
                    COMMAND ${PYTHON_EXECUTABLE}
                    ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/throughput_tests.py
                    --xml_file ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/xml/${throughput_test_name}.xml
                    --recoveries_file ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/recoveries.csv
                    --demands_file ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/payloads_demands.csv
                    --security
                    ${interproces_flag}
                    --data_loans
                )

                # Hint certificates location 
                set_property(
                    TEST performance.throughput.${throughput_test_name}.data_loans.security
                    APPEND PROPERTY ENVIRONMENT "CERTS_PATH=${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/test/certs"
                )

            endif()

        endif()

>         # Check if a test using data sharing and zero copy is required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Check if a test using data sharing and loans is required
```
